DOCS-5309 CoreDNS Integration Edits + Metrics Versioning Organization (#15045)
DataDog/integrations-core: coredns/README.md

## Overview

Get metrics from CoreDNS in real time to visualize and monitor DNS failures and cache hits or misses.

## Setup

> Starting with version 1.11.0, this OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest mode (`use_openmetrics`: true) and a legacy mode (`use_openmetrics`: false). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends enabling the latest mode. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][24].

Reviewer: This is another one of those where `openmetrics_endpoint` is the setting that activates latest mode, as in https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/15073#discussion_r1317050535

Author: ```suggestion
Starting with version 1.11.0, this OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest mode (enabled by setting `openmetrics_endpoint` to point to the target endpoint) and a legacy mode (enabled by setting `prometheus_url` instead). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends enabling the latest mode. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][24].
```

## Overview

Get metrics from CoreDNS in real time to visualize and monitor DNS failures and cache hits or misses.

## Setup

> ### Prerequisites

Author: ```suggestion
```

> This OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest version (V2) and a legacy version (V1). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends upgrading to the latest version. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][21].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 1.11.0, this OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest version (V2) and a legacy version (V1). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends upgrading to the latest version. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][21].
```

I do worry somewhat about the confusion that could arise from overloading the "version" word to mean both the integration's version (1.11.0) vs the OpenMetrics legacy / latest thing.

Author: How about this?

> This OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest version (V2) and a legacy version (V1). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends upgrading to the latest version. For more information, see the [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][21].

Author: ```suggestion
This OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest version (V2) and a legacy version (V1). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends upgrading to the latest version. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][21].
```

> This OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest version (V2) and a legacy version (V1). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends upgrading to the latest version. For more information, see the [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][21].

Author: ```suggestion
This OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest version (V2) and a legacy version (V1). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends upgrading to the latest version. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][21].
```

> Versions 1.11.0 and later of this OpenMetrics-based integration have a latest version (V2) and a legacy version (V1). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends upgrading to the latest version. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][24].

Author: ```suggestion
Starting with version 1.11.0, this OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest mode (`use_openmetrics`: true) and a legacy mode (`use_openmetrics`: false). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends enabling the latest mode. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][24].
```

> The latest (V2) version of the CoreDNS check requires Python 3 and submits `.bucket` metrics and submits the `.sum` and `.count` histogram samples as monotonic count type. These metrics were previously submitted as `gauge` type in the legacy (V1) version. See the [`metadata.csv` file][14] for a list of metrics available in each version. 

Author: ```suggestion
The latest mode of the CoreDNS check requires Python 3 and submits `.bucket` metrics and submits the `.sum` and `.count` histogram samples as monotonic count type. These metrics were previously submitted as `gauge` type in the legacy mode. See the [`metadata.csv` file][14] for a list of metrics available in each mode. 
```

> The CoreDNS check version 1.11.0 or later uses [OpenMetrics][17]-otherwise known as the latest version (OpenMetricsBaseCheckV2)-for metric collection, which requires Python 3. The `latest` version of the CoreDNS check submits `.bucket` metrics and submits the `.sum` and `.count` histogram samples as monotonic count type. These metrics were previously submitted as `gauge` type in the legacy version OpenMetricsBaseCheckV1. See the [`metadata.csv` file][14] for a list of metrics available in each version. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest (V2) version of the CoreDNS check requires Python 3 and submits `.bucket` metrics and submits the `.sum` and `.count` histogram samples as monotonic count type. These metrics were previously submitted as `gauge` type in the legacy (V1) version. See the [`metadata.csv` file][14] for a list of metrics available in each version. 
```

I think there's some redundancy here, along with the previous paragraph, that could let us reduce the verbosity and gain some clarity.

> The CoreDNS check version 1.11.0 or later uses [OpenMetrics][17]—otherwise known as the latest version (OpenMetricsBaseCheckV2)—for metric collection, which requires Python 3. The `latest` version of the CoreDNS check submits `.bucket` metrics and submits the `.sum` and `.count` histogram samples as monotonic count type. These metrics were previously submitted as `gauge` type in the legacy version OpenMetricsBaseCheckV1. See the [`metadata.csv` file][14] for a list of metrics available in each version. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The CoreDNS check version 1.11.0 or later uses [OpenMetrics][17]-otherwise known as the latest version (OpenMetricsBaseCheckV2)-for metric collection, which requires Python 3. The `latest` version of the CoreDNS check submits `.bucket` metrics and submits the `.sum` and `.count` histogram samples as monotonic count type. These metrics were previously submitted as `gauge` type in the legacy version OpenMetricsBaseCheckV1. See the [`metadata.csv` file][14] for a list of metrics available in each version. 
```

To fix the validation job

> For hosts unable to use Python 3, or if you previously implemented this integration version, see the `legacy` version [configuration example][18]. For Autodiscovery users relying on the `coredns.d/auto_conf.yaml` file, this file enables the `prometheus_url` option for the `legacy` version of the check by default. See the sample [coredns.d/auto_conf.yaml][19] for the default configuration options and the sample [coredns.d/conf.yaml.example][20] for all available configuration options.

Author: ```suggestion
For hosts unable to use Python 3, or if you previously implemented this integration mode, see the `legacy` mode [configuration example][18]. For Autodiscovery users relying on the `coredns.d/auto_conf.yaml` file, this file enables the `prometheus_url` option for the `legacy` mode of the check by default. See the sample [coredns.d/auto_conf.yaml][19] for the default configuration options and the sample [coredns.d/conf.yaml.example][20] for all available configuration options.
```

**Notes**:

> - The shipped `coredns.d/auto_conf.yaml` file enables the `prometheus_url` option by default for the [legacy version](#prerequisites). 

Author: ```suggestion
- The shipped `coredns.d/auto_conf.yaml` file enables the `prometheus_url` option by default for legacy mode. 
```

**Notes**:

> - The shipped `coredns.d/auto_conf.yaml` file enables the `prometheus_url` option by default for the [legacy version](#prerequisites). 

Author: ```suggestion
- The shipped `coredns.d/auto_conf.yaml` file enables the `prometheus_url` option by default for legacy mode. 
```

**Notes**:

> - The shipped `coredns.d/auto_conf.yaml` file enables the `prometheus_url` option by default for the [legacy version](#prerequisites). 

Author: ```suggestion
- The shipped `coredns.d/auto_conf.yaml` file enables the `prometheus_url` option by default for legacy mode. 
```

[18]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/7.32.x/coredns/datadog_checks/coredns/data/conf.yaml.example
[19]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/coredns/datadog_checks/coredns/data/auto_conf.yaml
[20]:https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/coredns/datadog_checks/coredns/data/conf.yaml.example

> [21]: https://docs.datadohgq.com/integrations/guide/versions-for-openmetrics-based-integrations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[21]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/guide/versions-for-openmetrics-based-integrations
```
